 ,
create ,
pre2Post ,
RBTInquiry ,
billInquiry ,
querybalance ,
refundCreate ,
dtsPwaInquiry ,
pinPukInquiry ,
simBlockByOTP ,
pre2PostByOtp ,
billSmsInquiry ,
balanceInquiry ,
simBlockInquiry ,
cdrByAclInquiry ,
callMeBackCreate ,
mcaStatusInquiry ,
usimByAclInquiry ,
blacklistInquiry ,
RBTPurchaseUpdate ,
refundInfoInquiry ,
installmentCreate ,
vasHistoryInquiry ,
callMeBackInquiry ,
blacklistsInquiry ,
loyaltyInvitation ,
billByAclIdInquiry ,
imeiDevicesInquiry ,
installmentInquiry ,
cdrByAclOtpInquiry ,
LRFMServicesInquiry ,
mcaActivationCreate ,
vasOtpRequestCreate ,
vasActivationUpdate ,
loyaltyScoreInquiry ,
loyaltyRegistration ,
childPackageInquiry ,
usageSummaryInquiry ,
allSimsBlockInquiry ,
pre2postPriceInquiry ,
userOtpByAclIdCreate ,
usimActivationCreate ,
roamingStatusInquiry ,
tariffServiceInquiry ,
loyaltyChanceInquiry ,
saveSimServiceInquiry ,
activeServicesInquiry ,
vasDeactivationRemove ,
mcaDeactivationRemove ,
aclSwitchInformUpdate ,
usimcheckMsisdnCreate ,
subscriberInfoInquiry ,
balanceDetailsInquiry ,
troubleTicketsInquiry ,
customersLevelInquiry ,
usimForAllAclsInquiry ,
RBTPurchaseByOTPCreate ,
loyaltyScoreGiftCreate ,
loyaltyReservedInquiry ,
internetServiceInquiry ,
voiceMailStatusInquiry ,
billPrintStatusInquiry ,
balanceOwnAccessInquiry ,
billSmsActivationCreate ,
billEmailServiceInquiry ,
paidBillsHistoryInquiry ,
roamingActivationCreate ,
packageActivationCreate ,
loyaltyChanceJoinCreate ,
suggestedPackageInquiry ,
billDetailsByOtpInquiry ,
stopRenewalPackageUpdate ,
loyaltyCharityJoinCreate ,
internetActivationCreate ,
childApnActivationCreate ,
billByCycleMsisdnInquiry ,
activeVASServicesInquiry ,
phoneTrackHistoryInquiry ,
restrictionStatusInquiry ,
billSmsDeactivationRemove ,
voiceMailActivationCreate ,
roamingDeactivationRemove ,
advancePaymentBillInquiry ,
removeSubscriberBlacklist ,
subscriberAliveCheckCreate ,
internetDeactivationRemove ,
phoneTrackActivationCreate ,
usimInquiryByCaptchaCreate ,
childApnDeactivationRemove ,
installmentPaymentsInquiry ,
subscriberInfoByOtpInquiry ,
subscriberAliveByAclInquiry ,
checkSimTypeOfMsisdnInquiry ,
voiceMailDeactivationRemove ,
billPrintDeactivationRemove ,
topupRechargeHistoryInquiry ,
subscriberExpropriateRemoval ,
checkGenderAgeByAclIdInquiry ,
phoneTrackDeactivationRemove ,
subscriberInfoByAclIdInquiry ,
webchatConnectionLinkInquiry ,
checkGenderAgeCustomerInquiry ,
customPackageActivationCreate ,
transferBalanceByMsisdnUpdate ,
restrictionDeactivationRemove ,
tollServiceDeactivationRemove ,
childApnStatusByMsisdnInquiry ,
saveSimServiceActivationCreate ,
loyaltyCharityOwnAccessInquiry ,
subscriberInfoOwnAccessInquiry ,
loyaltySubscriberRewardsInquiry ,
transferBalanceByAclIdOtpUpdate ,
studentInternetActivationCreate ,
subscriberExpropriateByOtpCreate ,
suggestedPackageActivationCreate ,
studentInternetDeactivationRemove ,
billEmailServiceDeactivationRemove ,
customPackageActivationByAclCreate ,
SaveSimServiceActivationByOTPCreate ,
normalTariffServiceActivationCreate ,
normalTariffServiceDeactivationRemove ,
checkSubscriberPrepaidsFreesimInquiry ,
loyaltyPackageCategoriesByAclIdInquiry ,
loyaltyPointOnlyPackageActivationCreate ,
subscriberExpropriationBlockStateInquiry ,
